New integration with agile page (#1362)
GSA/Section508.gov: _pages/tools/2020-02-27-tools-glossary-terms.md

    </ol>
    EXCEPTION: Records maintained by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) pursuant to Federal record keeping statutes shall not be required to conform to the Revised 508 Standards unless public facing.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th scope="row" id="agile-development">Agile Development</th>

>     <td>An iterative software development approach that delivers work in small, incremental cycles called sprints. Agile emphasizes collaboration, flexibility, and continuous improvement throughout the development process.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>An iterative approach to software development that delivers value through small, incremental releases. Agile emphasizes collaboration, adaptability to changing requirements, customer feedback, and continuous improvement throughout the development process.</td>
```
